[Music English]
it was the last day in Conectando
talento Tech the event of tecnology and
Innovation that empowers entrepreneurs
fair took place in the center
Metropolitan design and gave support to
the people in the sector who generate
employment and also growth investment and
also new opportunities in the field
and the city we were there and we were able to
chat with the deputy head of government
Porteño Clara muzio
It's exciting to see this happening
today connecting Tech talent in
the CD the Metropolitan Center design that
We have in the south of the city in
barracas and as you said young people
You say at what point in your life
You could create that, an 18-year-old boy.
Just showed me how they did well no
like all virtual screens for
making movies are working with
Netflix 18 and 23 years old and how cute it is
has that is that they are entrepreneurs who
maybe they have great ideas and that
They need to learn some things and therefore
That's why we are connecting with companies here
maybe they already have another route and
who want not only
connect with that young talent but
also go out to look for human capital
for your companies